README.md, before:

# Multilingual Share GPT
Multilingual Share GPT, the free multi-language corpus for LLM training. All text are converted to markdown format.

## Data Example
```json
{
    "id": "CSBepvT",
    "conversations": [
        {
            "from": "human",
            "value": "Title: \"(333) Visa issued or denied? How does a Visa Officer make a decision? Ex-Visa Officer shares insights. - YouTube\"\nVideo Transcript: \"i'm an ex-visa officer and i'm going to tell you why visa officers decide to either issue or refuse a visa there's a lot of misinformation out there there are a lot of theories conspiracy theories some of them better than others about why visa officers are issuing visas now i want to get one point out of the way at the very beginning is there a quota are the visa officers told they can only issue a certain number of visas per day or per week and then the rest they have to refuse the answer to that is no there is no quota the visa officers not only can but are also mandated to issue the visa to anybody that qualifies for the visa okay so you don't have to worry about oh should i go in on a monday morning or a friday afternoon is there a better time to go in obviously people's attitudes change but you can't plan for that in terms of you know when you go in during the day for your interview but there is no quota you won't get in too late and the quota for the month has already been issued that is not how it works how it does work is that there's one main criteria every visa applicant has to overcome you may have heard it called 214b that is the presumption of immigrant intent on the part of every single visa applicant unless they can prove to the consular officers satisfaction that they do not have that immigrant intent let me break that down a little more simply that means that every visa applicant is presumed guilty until they prove themselves innocent so what do you have to do to prove yourself innocent you have to make the consular officer feel that you are a trustworthy responsible applicant who will use your visa correctly travel to the united states and then return to your country afterwards it's that simple i use the word feel very deliberately because that's all they have to have they don't have to have specific pieces of evidence to support the decision that they make all they have to do is be confident that you will use your visa correctly and then they can pull the trigger and say yes i will give this visa applicant a visa so when you're going into your visa interview that is your goal your goal is to make the visa officer feel confident and when she feels confident then you're gonna have no problem you're gonna get your visa [Music] bye\"\nVideo Summary:"
        },
        {
            "from": "gpt",
            "value": "The ex-visa officer explains that there is no quota for visa issuance, and that visa officers are mandated to issue visas to anyone who qualifies. The main criteria for visa issuance is that the applicant must prove they do not have immigrant intent, by showing they are a trustworthy and responsible person who will use their visa correctly and return to their home country after traveling to the United States. The decision to issue a visa is based on the visa officer's feeling of confidence in the applicant, and specific evidence is not required for the decision. The goal for the applicant is to make the visa officer feel confident in their ability to use the visa correctly."
        },
        {
            "from": "human",
            "value": "please provide more details in an essay form"
        },
        {
            "from": "gpt",
            "value": "Obtaining a visa to enter the United States can be a challenging and daunting task for many individuals. There are many factors that are taken into consideration by visa officers when determining whether to approve or deny a visa application. In this essay, we will explore the decision-making process used by visa officers and the criteria they use to make these decisions, as shared by an ex-visa officer.\nOne of the biggest misconceptions about visa issuance is that there is a quota for the number of visas that can be issued per day or per week. However, this is not the case. According to the ex-visa officer, there is no quota for visa issuance, and visa officers are mandated to issue visas to anyone who qualifies. This means that the number of visas issued is not limited by a set number, and that applicants should not be concerned about the day or time they apply.\nThe main criteria that visa applicants must meet to be approved is known as \"214b,\" which is the presumption of immigrant intent. This means that all visa applicants are presumed to have an intent to immigrate to the United States unless they can prove otherwise. To prove that they do not have immigrant intent, applicants must demonstrate that they are trustworthy and responsible individuals who will use their visa correctly and return to their home country after traveling to the United States.\nIn order to prove this, visa officers will typically ask a series of questions to the applicant during their interview. These questions may include inquiries about their work, family, and travel plans. The applicant is expected to provide honest and detailed responses that demonstrate their ties to their home country and their intent to return after their visit to the United States.\nIt is important to note that the decision to issue a visa is based on the visa officer's feeling of confidence in the applicant, and specific evidence is not required for the decision. The ex-visa officer emphasizes that the goal for the applicant is to make the visa officer feel confident in their ability to use the visa correctly. This means being honest, open, and transparent during the interview, and providing clear and convincing answers to the officer's questions.\nIn conclusion, obtaining a visa to enter the United States is not a straightforward process and is subject to the discretion of the visa officer. The decision is based on the applicant's ability to prove that they do not have immigrant intent, by demonstrating that they are trustworthy, responsible individuals who will use their visa correctly and return to their home country after traveling to the United States. It's important for applicants to be honest, open, and transparent during their interview, and to make the visa officer feel confident in their ability to use the visa correctly."
        }
    ]
}
```

Commit message:

Move the dataset to huggingface

README.md, after:

# Multilingual Share GPT
Multilingual Share GPT, the free multi-language corpus for LLM training. All text are converted to markdown format.

## Link to Dataset
The dataset can be downloaded at [huggingface.co](https://huggingface.co/datasets/cryscan/multilingual-share).

## Data Example
```json
{
    "id": "CSBepvT",
    "conversations": [
        {
            "from": "human",
            "value": "Title: \"(333) Visa issued or denied? How does a Visa Officer make a decision? Ex-Visa Officer shares insights. - YouTube\"\nVideo Transcript: \"i'm an ex-visa officer and i'm going to tell you why visa officers decide to either issue or refuse a visa there's a lot of misinformation out there there are a lot of theories conspiracy theories some of them better than others about why visa officers are issuing visas now i want to get one point out of the way at the very beginning is there a quota are the visa officers told they can only issue a certain number of visas per day or per week and then the rest they have to refuse the answer to that is no there is no quota the visa officers not only can but are also mandated to issue the visa to anybody that qualifies for the visa okay so you don't have to worry about oh should i go in on a monday morning or a friday afternoon is there a better time to go in obviously people's attitudes change but you can't plan for that in terms of you know when you go in during the day for your interview but there is no quota you won't get in too late and the quota for the month has already been issued that is not how it works how it does work is that there's one main criteria every visa applicant has to overcome you may have heard it called 214b that is the presumption of immigrant intent on the part of every single visa applicant unless they can prove to the consular officers satisfaction that they do not have that immigrant intent let me break that down a little more simply that means that every visa applicant is presumed guilty until they prove themselves innocent so what do you have to do to prove yourself innocent you have to make the consular officer feel that you are a trustworthy responsible applicant who will use your visa correctly travel to the united states and then return to your country afterwards it's that simple i use the word feel very deliberately because that's all they have to have they don't have to have specific pieces of evidence to support the decision that they make all they have to do is be confident that you will use your visa correctly and then they can pull the trigger and say yes i will give this visa applicant a visa so when you're going into your visa interview that is your goal your goal is to make the visa officer feel confident and when she feels confident then you're gonna have no problem you're gonna get your visa [Music] bye\"\nVideo Summary:"
        },
        {
            "from": "gpt",
            "value": "The ex-visa officer explains that there is no quota for visa issuance, and that visa officers are mandated to issue visas to anyone who qualifies. The main criteria for visa issuance is that the applicant must prove they do not have immigrant intent, by showing they are a trustworthy and responsible person who will use their visa correctly and return to their home country after traveling to the United States. The decision to issue a visa is based on the visa officer's feeling of confidence in the applicant, and specific evidence is not required for the decision. The goal for the applicant is to make the visa officer feel confident in their ability to use the visa correctly."
        },
        {
            "from": "human",
            "value": "please provide more details in an essay form"
        },
        {
            "from": "gpt",
            "value": "Obtaining a visa to enter the United States can be a challenging and daunting task for many individuals. There are many factors that are taken into consideration by visa officers when determining whether to approve or deny a visa application. In this essay, we will explore the decision-making process used by visa officers and the criteria they use to make these decisions, as shared by an ex-visa officer.\nOne of the biggest misconceptions about visa issuance is that there is a quota for the number of visas that can be issued per day or per week. However, this is not the case. According to the ex-visa officer, there is no quota for visa issuance, and visa officers are mandated to issue visas to anyone who qualifies. This means that the number of visas issued is not limited by a set number, and that applicants should not be concerned about the day or time they apply.\nThe main criteria that visa applicants must meet to be approved is known as \"214b,\" which is the presumption of immigrant intent. This means that all visa applicants are presumed to have an intent to immigrate to the United States unless they can prove otherwise. To prove that they do not have immigrant intent, applicants must demonstrate that they are trustworthy and responsible individuals who will use their visa correctly and return to their home country after traveling to the United States.\nIn order to prove this, visa officers will typically ask a series of questions to the applicant during their interview. These questions may include inquiries about their work, family, and travel plans. The applicant is expected to provide honest and detailed responses that demonstrate their ties to their home country and their intent to return after their visit to the United States.\nIt is important to note that the decision to issue a visa is based on the visa officer's feeling of confidence in the applicant, and specific evidence is not required for the decision. The ex-visa officer emphasizes that the goal for the applicant is to make the visa officer feel confident in their ability to use the visa correctly. This means being honest, open, and transparent during the interview, and providing clear and convincing answers to the officer's questions.\nIn conclusion, obtaining a visa to enter the United States is not a straightforward process and is subject to the discretion of the visa officer. The decision is based on the applicant's ability to prove that they do not have immigrant intent, by demonstrating that they are trustworthy, responsible individuals who will use their visa correctly and return to their home country after traveling to the United States. It's important for applicants to be honest, open, and transparent during their interview, and to make the visa officer feel confident in their ability to use the visa correctly."
        }
    ]
}
```
